i mean that you have to really be her friend .
are you posing a rhetorical question ?
men pretend to love in order to have intercourse ; women pretend to enjoy intercourse in order to get love .
i do not intend to be mean .
i would estimate an average of 45 % initially but then , once you become acquainted with the person , perhaps 15 % .
because some women send subtle messages to men rather than being clear .
let us purchase coffee and converse and proceed from that point !
also , i dislike it when my father is unhappy .
ask him if you should go see a doctor .
you can post more questioins on yahoo ! answers .
he probably has many things to worry about right now other than you .
but i do not believe that he will be unfaithful or leave you due to lack of intercourse .
will i always feel that way ?
however , he may enjoy all of the waiting , dreaming and flirting .
also , i would like to try again .
some men shave , it depends on the woman .
well , if you are really attracted to this guy , then smile and speak nicely to him .
i am not certain whether he loves you , but he definitely likes you .
i would invite you on a date but i live in oregon and i am entirely uniformed as to where you live .
women are coomplicated .
i realize i am overly selective when it comes to people ; how can i stop this ?
doing that does sound rather feminine .
sometimes , if the good outweighs the bad , then the difficulties are worth it .
that is if both of you agree to do this .
one female , michelle , who most likely would not being mentioned , stated that she did not believe in it .
well , why do you like the one boy who picks on you ?
in addition , men sometimes think that they do not need you that badly until you are gone .
alas , if a male inquires of you , do not be frightened to state negatively .
do i desire to be in love ?
that 's the name i applied to it . for what reason , though ?
they will think you are leering if you look at them creepily .
i think that you are right , it is confusing .
how do i get my significant other to show me that he loves me .
that is if you truly adore them .
do not sell yourself , even if he is wealthy .
you sound live a very lovely person , so do not allow these women to make you feel bad .
i do not know , but i have knowledge of another webpage that i visit..
i sincerely urge you to consider how many overly confident women exist .
without being in a relationship , that might appear to be a little promiscuous .
he asked if i would like to use his chapstick .
you can say it , but only if you mean it . also hold her hands , and look into her eyes .
you should never allow a man to mistreat you .
absolutely not , he is too hefty and i am undesirably frail .
you can tell him if he says yes .
what was the mistake that you took part in ?
king has a song about this , it is called 'only your mother loves you . '
why are we in a relationship if our partner treats us badly after we fall in love ?
if you have experienced it , what was it like ?
it is not a turn off if she drinks too much .
if that 's want you want .
it is like getting rid of a drug habit .
wow , i ought to do that the next time that i am dating .
what is your desire , however ?
it sounds like you both are comfortable with how things are now .
do not allow her to dominate your life for she will simply have to learn to deal with it .
if he does not go out with you , do not worry as there are plenty of other options .
no man gave give you everything you want .
if you want to stay married , you need to find yourself .
start with a simple common question and proceed from that point .
inquire of their desire to travel to a location accompanied by you .
trust him , and do not bring the matter up again .
i am still trying to work up my nerves to try that out .
find the one who loves you also .
i will be your significant other is you come to me town .
stay very far away from this man .
it is your choice not to dislike one , i despise them all , to say the least .
i would estimate approximately three or four .
i do not know . would you enjoy having an item inserted forcefully in your rectum ?
he is a womanizer and has been telling that to some young woman .
i knew all my former girlfriends were not the one until i met my wife .
do not try to have both of them at once , whatever you do .
