and so what if it is a rebound relationship for both of you ?
good luck in your search for the one !
why does everyone seem to want someone that they ca n't have and know that they should n't want .
do you like to argue and fight ? ? ?
so if you 're set on that , that 's the way to go ! !
my ex of 3 years cheated .
work at it but do n't let him keep you locked up at home .
> > other than those two things , just ask him once in a while .
also men get bored and tire way before woman do .
she 's strong and loving and most of all ... really was n't as happy as she thought she was .
its one way of saying i do n't like you !
king had a song about this - only your mother loves you ( and see might be jiving too ) .
he loves you , too , girl ... time will tell .
he wants me to change how i look .
i know i have someone to come home to .
did you fell goog because i want to have sex , but you have to be careful
you want all your friends forever ? )
it does n't mean that you are slutty .
going to a club and dancing .
do n't go anywhere you went with him or her .
they 're a lot of fun - there 's plenty to do .
it all depends on when ur ready .
stay 100 miles away from this guy .
just be prepared cause if it happen once it can happen again !
i 'm just looking for the girl who wants that time with me
least not till he gets another girlfriend .
wife says , we do n't wear that shit .
if you 're asking , then you should break-up w/ and open yourself to other options .
why do gays want to get married ?
( saying sorry to him without commiting a mistake is humilation to ur self ... and do n't ever get weak ! ! )
do you have to rush your choice ?
they both dont respect your feeling .
no seriously , think about howmany cocky girls are out there .
she is too afraid to ask him out .
get a grip , how can you love someone that you do n't even communicate with .
i 'd ask you out , but i live in oregon and have no idea where you live ...
they have never proformed before and it doubles the plesure !
i 'll probably go and see one .
either way , best of luck but i 'm just glad that i have brown hair ! !
mail me a pick honorarius @ yahoo.com and i will tell you ...
it is absolutely just a challenge ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
well-im girl so ill help u out .
dont tell them but let them find out once your in bed with her .
if i would 've kept my last name its just a freakin name .
i hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
he 's telling that to some gurls too ... he 's a womanizer..
drop his buttt , there are plenty of fish in the sea of amore:0 )
i know because i am just like your wife .
when she calls , text her back
no way im 5`4 and he`s 6`2
dont you know the number one rule , trust no one .
we 've tried breakin up a couple times but it never happens .
oh and some because theyre thin and skinny and nowadays anorexic girls are a turn on .
if u have penis than its no problem u just hv to penitrate her pussy with ur errect penis .
in that case tkake some defense classes .
i just got out of a 3 yr relationship with my baby 's father .
what happened when the politician took viagra ?
hi , my name is xxxxxx been working for me for years .
i can onli say ... women r complicated ...
we like soft approch and a lil bit of chasing .
you would be genuinly suprised in the type of people that go to them .
it is very fun and enjoyable especially when you meet each other after texting a few months
hey , i 'm in nyc i 'll help you out if your around !
sounds strange but it worked in about 3-5 days for me !
do n't worry , i aint working with much either .
why does it matter what they think if they dont get along dont spend time togather .
